nbb-euxe-hwe (2025-11-29 21:33 GMT+10) – Transcript
Attendees
Calpe Digital
Transcript
Calpe Digital: history from this or what? Future logger, three secrets. So, the Facebook group itself and then funneling into the WhatsApp community and stuff like that. that's the actual community, And that's where it's not going to be relevant if you're actually an entrepreneur, right? Yeah. Because Yeah.
Calpe Digital: if you're working a hospital job, you've got zero interest in, what the autonomous tax changes are next year, right? you've just got zero interest. But the events, they can absolutely be open to people who are aspirational entrepreneurs.  For example, if we have a speaker who's going to be talking about their business and entrepreneurship, that's like the students in devour, you can absolutely have someone who's just curious, has an idea in the back of their mind, that's what an open community should be about allowing and welcoming those people. you wouldn't invite them to founders dinner, right? But also, they'll self- select. If you name an event founders dinner, only people who consider themselves founders are going to go. So, I guess what's the funnel?
Calpe Digital: is it Facebook group, WhatsApp group and then founder circle or it doesn't have to necessarily be a linear ascending model.  example. that one's called the social. There's people in there that are that and they're not bad to hang out with. do we want more? Yes, please. yeah.
Calpe Digital: should probably sliver. yeah.
Calpe Digital: I think with the existing group we just be open to our friends and say hey there's two things we do. we can rename that group and call it cowboy friends, For our kind of inner circle of friends or we rename it to car digital and we just send a message. We say, "Hey, heads up guys. We're launching this project.
Calpe Digital: Yeah, we know we all loosely fit the description for This is the direction we're going. And is there anyone in there who you think is really not a fit? I guess a lawyer professional Andre I don't Andre or your buddy it doesn't he was the one with the sales business before but sold it. Okay. Great.
Calpe Digital: Two guys who dog They're entrepreneurs. Yeah. But if we're open to non-digital types of entrepreneurs, we should be open for restaurant entrepreneurs. No. I'm open to restaurant entrepreneurs. We will just have to vibe check them heavily. That's all because they typically go in all the groups and just post their f* menus every week and that's not the vibe.
00:05:00
Calpe Digital: So, I don't want another WhatsApp Facebook group that's just full of people spamming their restaurant menus. They're just not welcome.  So, I'm even remissed to have a promote yourself group, which Dan does have in his Switched on Valley group, but it's like, people posting s* it's not that useful. Yeah. I don't mind.
Calpe Digital: there's also benefit of people posting events because if you're new here events usually travel by word of mouth so that is a good thing so if you can wash  Look, I understand your point and I'm also open if you really want to keep that to our friend group. I mean, it would really just be the board games group. That's all we need there, I don't think we need subgroups and a chat group for our friends or whatever games. what if we want to do hiking? That's true.
Calpe Digital: We could still I want to say that I'm kind of open to non remote people. Just so we have this community of young people. I'm very happy to have a parallel social group that very Okay. we'll make this community freshman. Easy.  And then it's really obvious if you're joining, we don't have to transition anyone. If you're joining digital, It's so good. What's on This All right. Save that bit for me. I want it on my
Calpe Digital: my go s*** out first.  Yeah, I'm just a little undecided whether it's worth it to run a parallel group or not, Yeah, I've already made a decision. It's all good. What's your iCloud mobile? It was probably go sweet at Gmail.
Calpe Digital: I'm so yeah, there's big  This guy creates a new profile every month.  and Lexi. Even though I did him before, we chatted
Meeting ended after 00:44:20 👋
This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.